and it came to pass when the Lord was
and it came to pass when the Lord was about to take up Elijah into heaven by a
about to take up Elijah into heaven by a
about to take up Elijah into heaven by a whirlwind that Elijah went with Elijah
whirlwind that Elijah went with Elijah
whirlwind that Elijah went with Elijah from Gilgal then Elijah said to Elisha
from Gilgal then Elijah said to Elisha
from Gilgal then Elijah said to Elisha stay here please for the Lord has sent
stay here please for the Lord has sent
stay here please for the Lord has sent me on to Bethel
me on to Bethel
me on to Bethel as the Lord lives and as your soul lives
as the Lord lives and as your soul lives
as the Lord lives and as your soul lives I will not leave you so they went down
I will not leave you so they went down
I will not leave you so they went down to Bethel now the sons of the prophets
to Bethel now the sons of the prophets
to Bethel now the sons of the prophets who are at Bethel came out to Elisha and
who are at Bethel came out to Elisha and
who are at Bethel came out to Elisha and said to him do you know that the Lord
said to him do you know that the Lord
said to him do you know that the Lord will take away your master from over you
will take away your master from over you
will take away your master from over you today yes I know keep silent then Elisha
today yes I know keep silent then Elisha
today yes I know keep silent then Elisha said to him
said to him
said to him Elisha stay here please for the Lord has
Elisha stay here please for the Lord has
Elisha stay here please for the Lord has sent me unto Jericho as the Lord lives
sent me unto Jericho as the Lord lives
sent me unto Jericho as the Lord lives and as your soul lives I will not leave
and as your soul lives I will not leave
and as your soul lives I will not leave you so they came to Jericho now the sons
you so they came to Jericho now the sons
you so they came to Jericho now the sons of the prophets who were at Jericho came
of the prophets who were at Jericho came
of the prophets who were at Jericho came to Elisha and said to him do you know
to Elisha and said to him do you know
to Elisha and said to him do you know that the Lord will take away your master
that the Lord will take away your master
that the Lord will take away your master from over you today yes I know keep
from over you today yes I know keep
from over you today yes I know keep silent then Elisha said to him stay here
silent then Elisha said to him stay here
silent then Elisha said to him stay here please but the Lord has sent me unto the
please but the Lord has sent me unto the
please but the Lord has sent me unto the Jordan as the Lord lives and as your
Jordan as the Lord lives and as your
Jordan as the Lord lives and as your soul lives I will not leave you so the
soul lives I will not leave you so the
soul lives I will not leave you so the two of them went on and fifty men of the
two of them went on and fifty men of the
two of them went on and fifty men of the sons of the prophets went and stood
sons of the prophets went and stood
sons of the prophets went and stood facing them at a distance while the two
facing them at a distance while the two
facing them at a distance while the two of them stood by the Jordan Elisha took
of them stood by the Jordan Elisha took
of them stood by the Jordan Elisha took his mantle rolled it out and struck the
his mantle rolled it out and struck the
his mantle rolled it out and struck the water
water
water [Music]
and it was divided this way and that so
and it was divided this way and that so that the two of them crossed over on dry
that the two of them crossed over on dry
that the two of them crossed over on dry ground and so it was when they had
ground and so it was when they had
ground and so it was when they had crossed over that Elijah said to Elisha
crossed over that Elijah said to Elisha
crossed over that Elijah said to Elisha ask what may I do for you before I am
ask what may I do for you before I am
ask what may I do for you before I am taken away from you
taken away from you
taken away from you please let a double portion of your
please let a double portion of your
please let a double portion of your spirit be upon me
spirit be upon me
spirit be upon me you have asked a hard thing nevertheless
you have asked a hard thing nevertheless
you have asked a hard thing nevertheless if you see me when I am taken from you
if you see me when I am taken from you
if you see me when I am taken from you it shall be so for you but if not and
it shall be so for you but if not and
it shall be so for you but if not and shall not be so then it happened as they
shall not be so then it happened as they
shall not be so then it happened as they continued on and talked that suddenly a
continued on and talked that suddenly a
continued on and talked that suddenly a chariot of fire appeared with horses of
chariot of fire appeared with horses of
chariot of fire appeared with horses of fire and separated the tool
Elijah went up by a whirlwind into
Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven and Elijah saw it and he cried
heaven and Elijah saw it and he cried
heaven and Elijah saw it and he cried out father my father the chariot of
out father my father the chariot of
out father my father the chariot of Israel in its horsemen so he saw him no
Israel in its horsemen so he saw him no
Israel in its horsemen so he saw him no more and he took hold of his own clothes
more and he took hold of his own clothes
more and he took hold of his own clothes and tore them into two pieces
and tore them into two pieces
and tore them into two pieces he also took up the mantle of Elijah
he also took up the mantle of Elijah
he also took up the mantle of Elijah that had fallen from him and went back
that had fallen from him and went back
that had fallen from him and went back and stood by the bank of the Jordan and
and stood by the bank of the Jordan and
and stood by the bank of the Jordan and he took the mantle of Elijah that had
he took the mantle of Elijah that had
he took the mantle of Elijah that had fallen from him and struck for water and
fallen from him and struck for water and
fallen from him and struck for water and said where is the Lord God of Elijah
said where is the Lord God of Elijah
said where is the Lord God of Elijah [Music]
and when he also had struck the water it
and when he also had struck the water it was divided this way and that and Elijah
was divided this way and that and Elijah
was divided this way and that and Elijah crossed over
now when the sons of the prophets who
now when the sons of the prophets who were from Jericho saw him they said the
were from Jericho saw him they said the
were from Jericho saw him they said the spirit of Elijah rests on Elijah and
spirit of Elijah rests on Elijah and
spirit of Elijah rests on Elijah and they came to meet him and bowed to the
they came to meet him and bowed to the
they came to meet him and bowed to the ground before him
ground before him
ground before him look now there are 50 strong men with
look now there are 50 strong men with
look now there are 50 strong men with your servants please let them go and
your servants please let them go and
your servants please let them go and search for your master less perhaps the
search for your master less perhaps the
search for your master less perhaps the Spirit of the Lord has taken him up and
Spirit of the Lord has taken him up and
Spirit of the Lord has taken him up and cast him upon some mountain or into some
cast him upon some mountain or into some
cast him upon some mountain or into some Valley but Hugh shall not send anyone
Valley but Hugh shall not send anyone
Valley but Hugh shall not send anyone but when they urged him till he was
but when they urged him till he was
but when they urged him till he was ashamed
ashamed
ashamed he said send them
he said send them
he said send them therefore they sent 50 men and they
therefore they sent 50 men and they
therefore they sent 50 men and they searched for three days but did not find
searched for three days but did not find
searched for three days but did not find him and when they came back to him for
him and when they came back to him for
him and when they came back to him for he had stayed in Jericho he said to them
he had stayed in Jericho he said to them
he had stayed in Jericho he said to them did I not say to you do not go when the
did I not say to you do not go when the
did I not say to you do not go when the men of the cities said to Elijah please
men of the cities said to Elijah please
men of the cities said to Elijah please notice the situation of the city is
notice the situation of the city is
notice the situation of the city is pleasant as my Lord sees but the water
pleasant as my Lord sees but the water
pleasant as my Lord sees but the water is bad and the ground Berendt bring me a
is bad and the ground Berendt bring me a
is bad and the ground Berendt bring me a new ball and put salt in so they brought
new ball and put salt in so they brought
new ball and put salt in so they brought it to him then he went out to the source
it to him then he went out to the source
it to him then he went out to the source of the water and cast in the solvent
of the water and cast in the solvent
of the water and cast in the solvent thus says the Lord I have healed this
thus says the Lord I have healed this
thus says the Lord I have healed this water from it there shall be no more
water from it there shall be no more
water from it there shall be no more death or Berenice so the water remains
death or Berenice so the water remains
death or Berenice so the water remains healing to this day according to the
healing to this day according to the
healing to this day according to the word of Elijah which he spoke then he
word of Elijah which he spoke then he
word of Elijah which he spoke then he went up from there to Bethel and as he
went up from there to Bethel and as he
went up from there to Bethel and as he was going up the road some youths came
was going up the road some youths came
was going up the road some youths came from the city and mocked so he turned
from the city and mocked so he turned
from the city and mocked so he turned around and looked at them and pronounced
around and looked at them and pronounced
around and looked at them and pronounced a curse on them in the name of the Lord
a curse on them in the name of the Lord
a curse on them in the name of the Lord and two female bears came out of the
and two female bears came out of the
and two female bears came out of the woods
[Music]
[Music] then he went from there to Mount Carmel
then he went from there to Mount Carmel
then he went from there to Mount Carmel and from there he returned to Samaria